[BrokenLinksH2] Fixed broken links (#646)
MicrosoftDocs/WindowsCommunityToolkitDocs: docs/extensions/OnDeviceMarkup.md

> [!WARNING]
> This docs page is outdated, please refer to the new one for the [`OnDeviceExtension`](OnDeviceExtension.md) type.

> The [OnDevice Markup Extension](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/rel/7.1.0/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI/Extensions/Markup/OnDeviceExtension.cs) allows you to customize UI appearance on a per-DeviceFamily basis. It is inspired on the [OnPlatform](https://github.com/xamarin/Xamarin.Forms/issues/2608) markup extensions from Xamarin.Forms 3.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [OnDevice Markup Extension](/dotnet/api/microsoft.toolkit.uwp.ui.ondeviceextension) allows you to customize UI appearance on a per-DeviceFamily basis. It is inspired on the [OnPlatform](https://github.com/xamarin/Xamarin.Forms/issues/2608) markup extensions from Xamarin.Forms 3.2
```
